good the video and see if I follow it a little
I want to focus is going to be a little bit
more serious than videos that are from
custom gave me one of the last
videos that climbed the virus companion yo
with which I know of quite a
gave me enough time with it I well
spoke with the own degree but little
with his last video to say I 've
quite quite identified
not the fact that he does not know who he is
virus is a boy who went up call of
duty got tired of the soldering iron but started to
climb clash of classes with game that I
nor have I tried but they liked him
liked people very much and with that game
hit the zambombazo to your channel and now
same then has 400,000 subscribers and
It just so happens that the virus
tired of that game then what
do you do everything when you reach a figure
of 400 thousand subscribers what are you
going up you do not like that it seems very
well the video that has been made and I'm
talking a good time yesterday with him we go
I can obviate all this
but it is true that it says a part
that he feels very, very, very
sensitive to the comments that you put
the people he said he's going to leave
of climbing clash of plants and people
he is throwing himself over I have
sold how much and what are we thinking and
what will happen if black ops 3 and black go out
ops 3 not a game that I like
play it and I will have more than 100,000
subscribers and I have a channel based on
call of duty to me I do not like to play
carlotti
because in that I felt quite
identified with the theme with the theme
virus not in what
will reach the point where the
subscribers are no longer no longer in
your channel to see a game to see clash
of plants to see call of duty but that
they are in your channel simply by seeing you
because you enjoy them, you do not
amuse the game that then separate if
play the game that you like because
double ration
but I think that
that this from YouTube would be nothing if
you
without you I have always said what
he tried to thank
I always try to make any draw to
starting tomorrow we started to raise the
results the winners of the montage is
if I had the chance to talk to them
could I take another capturing
thank you and I directly say look no
Well, I do something for you
you can also win some drawn
recently also a helmets is
drawn a graphic my motherboard
I should change soon
possibly the one that I have now the
lucky because the trash I do not know are things
I like that we like to have
youtubers written with you as
we give to us
something and we return it to you
so with that I am very comfortable
I am very happy with the channel we are
already practically in the 100,000
subscribers I do not want to know what would happen
the fact that black ops 3 came out and I
like h but the game already what it is but
I do not know what would happen
at that point white three of the
game stars we do not like I'm not going to
keep going up sanction something that I do not
like no obligation and look what I've
made people like the three chicken like
folk love like virus that in a game
they keep going up that does not mean that
go go
there are still many factors of
but it is true that you
do not take into account that who will be
after releasing all the videos and who
is behind all this we are we are
people do not you go in the videos
but we are really people we have
our our feelings and such and
that's why I always always appreciate
all positive comments indeed
all the negative comments then
always the obvious ones
many years ago and that has not affected
very much the negative comments in
plan anything and tell me that
they affected it to such an extent that I
they may already have told me so many things
that I can not say practically what
you want me to be able to affect has not
missed but from here I understand the
thank you those who are here day by day in
my channel supporting me putting your
positive comment by tweeting me
saying thank you very much for the video of
today there would be things like you really
I want to thank no people but
not from the dice too much the sheet in the
mixture and I already finished but not
all too sheet is a video that
I what I wanted to do I felt
quite identified when I saw the video
of víctor and nothing I wanted to talk
you talk about the subject that after all
something will come up that you do not enjoy and will
note we will not give us we will not
we have and we do not have to
someone to upload something to a video game
who does not like to play face images
vegetable does not like the micro party and
every day pumba pumba to sell us
he likes it but good right now I'm
very happy with the channel we are already
practically in the 100,000
subscribers thank you all for
heart and we'll see you in a following
video I've said I hope to have the
first answer uploaded to channel number
3 and
we will see the rest of the days
thank you very much people for being here
for putting up with me one more day tomorrow until
then